welcome young camgirl yep oh my name is
fight a girl I'm up there to fight the
world yep I'm ready for my adventures
are you ready to go with me every day
you will have a new adventure I am
spyder girl you'll see me in my costume
what are you staring at you never heard
of dog tougher now for a little
entertainment ok so my nice it's not the
best I'm looking around in the sky to
see what I can catch but wait what is it
it's stumping up in the sky it's a bird
no it's not a plane wow it's a jar of
peanut butter and somebody flashing us
thing over my home well tune in for my
adventures from spider girl hi it's me
spider girl again I'm about to go on my
adventure that's right what the hell's
so funny yes that's right that's my but
you're looking at I have to be hiding it
all times well you're really not gonna
believe what I've got to say it's the
adventures of spider girl
la la la